So in order to solve this sort of memory leakage and properly handle our memory Well we can do is use
a weak set.
Now I'm going to make one and then I'll talk to you about what it's actually doing.
So would you let weeks equals new and in week capitals and in parentheses like so or we can make a object
while we're here and you have access to almost all of the same methods that are all of the methods that
you had before so you can use has you can use to Lee you can use what's that other one.
Add like so.
So for example now I can take the week set and then add our object to it like so.
And then if I want to I can check if it's there so I'll do a council.
Weeks.
DA has and then key one and this should print out true.
If all goes well and it does now there's a couple of differences between weak sets and strong sets.
First weak sets can only store a weak object references they can't store primitive values.
And lastly if a weak reference to an object is the only reference there if it's the only thing referencing
the object then it doesn't prevent garbage collection.
In other words it'll get erased.
So what does that mean for us.
Well essentially if we were storing in reference to an object like we are right now and we got rid of
it and we did key one equals no then it's automatically going to get rid of key one within the set.
And we can kind of test this out by doing a console that log has key one and you can see now it's false.
Now originally whenever we did the inside of this strong set right here this strong set still held onto
a reference to the object.
And that's why we call it a strong set because it will prevent garbage collection of that particular
object and thus create memory leakage.
So by using weak sets we make sure that we are properly handling memory.
So in the case that you really only need to store objects or keep track of objects a weak set is going
to be the way to go.
Now you could also do something like this you could also see that with some data.
So for example you might do something like this and make let's say a low key one and then equals an
object and then Keets to equals an object like so.
And then you can pass in an array of these objects right here.
And that would also work as well.
Just remember you can't pass in primitive values and if you try to you will get an error because you're
not supposed to.
But either way.
Now with that being said go ahead and scroll down here.
And so there's a couple of things to keep in mind first.
Whenever you use a weak set instance and you use things like the add method that throws an error when
it's not passed on when it's passed and not object.
Weak sets are not iterable.
And so you can't use a for loop on them and weak sets do not expose iterators such as like the keys
and the value method.
So there's really no way to programmatically determine the contents of a weak set.
And we also can't use something like Size property or the for each method.
So it's really hard to check to see if it truly deleted this reference to the object but you can rest
assured knowing that the javascript engine did in fact delete this reference even though we can't use
something like the size property on this particular type of set.